add callout to deprecations page (#7343)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/deprecations.md

title: "Deprecations"
---

> :::note

Author: open to other formatting / wording here!

Author: trying to echo the sentiment from the [deprecations warning github post](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/discussions/11493):

> We know it will take existing users time to migrate their projects, and it is not our goal to break anyone overnight. The goal is to enable dbt users to work with more safety, feedback, and confidence going forward.

"Deprecated functionality" means that the functionality still works today, but only for historical purposes and it will be removed in a future version.

:::

> As dbt runs, it generates different categories of [events](/reference/events-logging), one of which is _deprecations_. Deprecations are a special type of warning that lets you know that there are problems in parts of your project that will result in breaking changes in a future version of dbt. It is important to resolve any deprecation warnings in your project before the changes are made.

Author: ```suggestion
As dbt runs, it generates different categories of [events](/reference/events-logging), one of which is _deprecations_. Deprecations are a special type of warning that lets you know that there are problems in parts of your project that will result in breaking changes in a future version of dbt. Although it’s just a warning for now, it is important to resolve any deprecation warnings in your project to enable you to work with more safety, feedback, and confidence going forward.
```

title: "Deprecations"
---

:::note

> "Deprecated functionality" means that the functionality still works today, but only for historical purposes and it will be removed in a future version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated functionality still works in the v1.10 release, but it is no longer supported and will be removed in a future version.  

This means the deprecated features only present a warning but don't prevent runs and other commands (unless you've customized the behavior). 

When the functionality is eventually removed, it will cause errors in your dbt runs after you upgrade if the deprecations are not addressed.

```

title: "Deprecations"
---

:::note

Deprecated functionality still works in the v1.10 release, but it is no longer supported and will be removed in a future version.  

> This means the deprecated features only present a warning but don't prevent runs and other commands (unless you've customized the behavior). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the deprecated features only present a warning but don't prevent runs and other commands (unless you've configured [warnings as errors](/reference/global-configs/warnings)). 
```
